I knew this day would come.
True Christians expect opposition,
but it hurt to see if other vassals get arrested.
After what happened,
I was scared to talk about Jehovah.
Marcos has been looking for work for months.
It's starting to feel hopeless.
I appreciate that he supports me in the Pioneer Ministry.
But shouldn't he focus on finding work?
I was so happy when I heard Nicole got invited to SKE.
But as I kept thinking about it,
I started to feel empty, disappointed.
Other seemed to get so many privileges.
Why not me?
In my Bible reading,
I found an example of courage to preach boldly, despite opposition.
After I told Marcos how I was feeling,
we considered a Bible character who endured with hope.
Jesus said,
Among those born of women,
there has not been raised up anyone greater than John the Baptist.
Many that listen to him were moved to repent and get baptized.
Preparing their hearts to receive the Messiah,
he even baptized the Son of God.
But as Jesus' ministry increased,
John's began to decrease.
When his disciples pointed that out to John,
he humbly rejoiced at what Jehovah was accomplishing through Jesus.
However, John faced adversity,
just like worshipers of Jehovah today.
John was imprisoned for boldly declaring the truth.
Nothing prevented him from preaching courageously.
As time passed, and he remained in prison,
John needed reassurance, just like I do.
His disciples returned with a message from Jesus.
Observe what Jehovah is accomplishing around you.
Now I see what Jehovah is accomplishing around me.
I can imitate John the Baptist and endure with hope.
I have so many reasons to be joyful.
Among them, seeing Jehovah use others to accomplish as well.
People need to learn about Jehovah.
Like John, I can have courage.
No matter what adversity I may face.